I don't accept that you ruined my future
Kill you
ask for something
Have I helped you too much over the years?
So that you can't see what you are capable of
Right here, Triangle Bag Kung Fu
How dare you do something to me?
Mu Guiying, how dare you accept me?
Mu Guiying
All the glory and wealth you want are in it
If you want it, I'll let them collect it together.
Mother Father
So-called
I will not hurt my body in front of Yan'an
Person with people
do not love
I knew you wouldn't dare to kill me
Okay, then I should end it
What kind of woman does Nangong Qin have in your capacity?
As for destroying my whole city for a bitch?
Ah!
Don't be afraid to wait for the female commander to come and destroy their three clans
That's right, the so-called female handsome is favored
Today Baijiangyan was ruined by the two of you
Wash and get drunk according to the Daxia calendar